How can I help you?
I feel ill. I've got a stomach ache and my head hurts.
How long have you been like this?
Since Friday. I've been ill for about three days.
I see. Have you caught a cold?
I don't think so.
Let me take your temperature.
Hmm. There's no fever.
What kind of food do you eat?
Usually fast food.
Do you have breakfast?
No. Not usually.
That's the problem.
Fast food and no breakfast.
That's why you've got a stomach ache.
What about the headache?
Do you do any exercise?
Not really. I haven't done much exercise since I got my computer last year.
You spend too much time in front of the computer.
It can be very harmful to your health.
Okay. So what should I do?
Well, don't worry. It's not serious.
First, stop eating fast food and have breakfast every day.
Second, get some exercise, such as running.
And I'll give you some medicine.
Take it three times a day.
Thank you, doctor.